# lab10-superyideng

Name: Yi Deng
Email: dengyi@usc.edu

Part1:
1. In .src/lab10_part1.java, I accomplished the first task. 
   I wrote a TreeChecker class, in which we can read from .txt file and get the graph structure, and check whether the given graph is a tree.
   Also, I have another class named GraphGenerator for us to generate required types of graphs, and store them in .txt file.

2. To check whether a given graph is a tree, we need to check whether it is connected graph with no cycle in it. I guess in the lab we are just asked to check whether a loop exists. I include both in my TreeChecker class.

3. How to generate the random graphs:
	a). To generate the 0 node - 0 edge case: just write 0, 0 into the file.
	b). To generate the fully connected graph with more than 4 nodes: First randomly choose a number between 4 and 10 as the number of nodes, and then use a for loop to generate edges between each two nodes.
	c). To generate the graph with >= 5 nodes and exactly 2 edges: First randomly choose an integer as number of nodes in the graph, then generate two edges.
	d). To generate random graphs: randomly generate number of nodes and number of edges. Then use a hashset to store each edge, which is also generated by using Math.random().

4. In this part, I make a directory named "graphs_generated" to store all the generated graphs.
	graph 0-2 are special graphs specified in the requirements.

5. After running this part, we will get 20 .txt file storing generated graphs. I run it on my own computer and the uploaded 20 .txt file is the graphs I generated. Also, after doing the treechecker part, all the information will appear on the screen.


Part2:
1. In .src/lab10_part2.java, I accomplished the second task. 
	The Tarjan class I wrote can be used to find the max degree, to decide whether it exists bridges and what the bridges are and can also be used to do topological sort once the graph is a tree.

2.  In this part, by running my code, we first read the graph files generated from part1 and then analyze each one.

3. On-screen message will include all the information specifed in the first point above.


Part3:
1. In .src/lab10_part3.java, I accomplished the third part, to find the max clique. 